[ENH] Removed `local_node_query` profile (#72)
neurobagel/recipes: README.md

Configuration files for a Neurobagel deployment.

## How to use

> For detailed instructions on the deployment options for Neurobagel, see the official Neurobagel documentation on [setting up a local knowledge graph (node)](https://neurobagel.org/getting_started/) and [local query federation](https://neurobagel.org/config/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on deploying Neurobagel for your use case, see the official Neurobagel documentation on [setting up a local knowledge graph (node)](https://neurobagel.org/getting_started/) and [configuration options](https://neurobagel.org/config/).
```
